  Speaker 1 02:17
Uh, Phillips is going to connect, I think, okay.

03:59
Miss nearby.

04:04
I think Amanda would be here, but I think she's out of office like she said that for something.

  Speaker 2 04:21
So the proxy?

  Speaker 1 04:23
Connected to the database, and when I tested the end-to-end workflow, we are getting the responder expecting. Up.

  Speaker 2 04:32
There is still latencies even with RDX. The new, like lock, shows that the latency is because of the query execution time, so that's actually taking like four to six seconds. So, I checked with Zach and I asked him if he can rewrite some like code to sorry, yeah. Oh, he tried, uh, but still, it's not working still, uh, we are just getting the same time.

04:58
Like, you know, four to six seconds? Um, then he basically ran the explain analysis with the quality and there the actual CPU time for the query is two milliseconds, so it's not particularly for the query execution time then. Asked him to add more locks. So, uh, like, you know, check out time like, you know, times, so that I can see where exactly?

05:23
Latency is taking place. Then, what we found out is, like, uh, the query is good, uh, it's running probably, and it's a just as a semise seconds or something. Uh, when I tested that, but? Uh, the main problem is like? The Aurora serverless is being. Uh, like, you know, it needs to be awakened for the first request that is sent, so it's like, you know?

05:49
Low ACU because of that, and even for the old buffer cache and. Even though? Uh, cold, RDS proxiation. So, because of these things? We actually getting the latency. So,

  Speaker 3 06:02
Do you think we need to up the serverless configurations? Do you think we just need to go straight provision.

  Speaker 2 06:07
So, what I feel like, um, doing, is, like me, and one more thing actually. So, when I try to try to do that when the, uh, like, you know, whole path is, uh, I'm actually getting that, uh, below two seconds. So, when the whole path is warm, um, getting below seconds.

06:22
But when the first, uh, the when it's cold, I'm actually getting from, uh, six to nine seconds latencies. So, yeah, that important.

  Speaker 3 06:30
In the RDS cluster, you think actually like it's had to do with the warming of your cluster. Um, actually, I think.

  Speaker 2 06:38
We need to warm up the whole part, so even the Lambda, because Lambda is, uh, even though. It's like low, but still, it's getting like 800 to 900 or 900 milliseconds. Exactly. So, that's why I suggest, like, you know, if we add the event Bridge and send a query like, uh, five minutes every five minutes, so it basically.

07:01
Like it warms the whole path from the Lambda to a proxy and also our. So, what

  Speaker 3 07:07
Do you think that would even eliminate the need to change or configurations because we have a manual form like a lamb that's running big queries, like warming the circle, is,

  Speaker 2 07:13
I don't think so, like once. If you do that, uh, I'm basically hoping it'll just fall under two seconds. But. There is one more problem is that? When the warmer is sending that Quest at the same time in the case. Basically, this has also seen in the request. Ibs request might go to new container, so for new container again, there will be a latency because of connections.

07:40
Like, because it's cold starting and the new content skating. You have to warm up the database levels they already want. Yes, it'll be, uh, not actually. The complete, uh, path needs to be. Uh, it's going to be cold. So, then? Request from kvs is going to have a coaster again, you know?

07:57
Five, six seconds or something. So for that? We can actually use a pro version concurrency. So, which has, like, you know, two, three, or like, you know, more than that, we can use the protein concurrency, and which basically keeps. Yeah. I definitely understand why we got there. So we get the point of using provision concurrency on Lambda.

08:16
I think the network question is, why aren't we just running a server? You know, I mean, that's essentially what's doing right. It's running compute all the time exactly and? That's yeah. But I mean, all that does intense and even like the KBS is any more than 100 times. Still, they're.

08:33
Get this, but I'm not sure how many days they're gonna send it. So, I asked that, but he had no idea to worry about that, so you don't think that.

  Speaker 3 08:39
So, even though cold star perspective, so eight 800 seconds that comes from like the land, the coasters like the environment execution Mark, yes, where you said five to six seconds. I mean, where does that other five is? Attack come from is all. I mean, you know, you reference the RDS.

08:55
Is what they call um, the cu's, uh,

  Speaker 2 08:58
Yeah,

  Speaker 3 09:00
I mean, we need up the dailies and make that cool start. Like, better, we can actually upload ACU for, like, right now. It's one can make it two, but uh.

  Speaker 2 09:10
That's actually costs a bit more. How

  Speaker 3 09:13
Really do you believe? Do you have to believe that would make a difference? I mean, if even if we could, if we put it on a screw or whatever he's used or killer, we're still gonna see. That'll let you know, I mean, like? I don't think so. So, if we basically increase the?

  Speaker 2 09:26
Then the cache call will basically get, so it doesn't get cold. The connector doesn't get cold, so I'm expecting. That works, but alone that alone work. I'm not sure about that. We need to add something because.

  Speaker 4 09:49
You are going? Trying to do things. One thing that just popped in my head is not going to the going serverless on Aurora. So, are you doing a whole bunch of work? Just get response time down and test region and good production, and we go to Provisions. It's time to just dump the surface, put a provision one just to prove that when we go production, the provision is going to work as well.

10:16
I mean, it's not a permanent solution, unless

  Speaker 2 10:18
Yeah,

  Speaker 4 10:18
Somebody says, you have to maintain two second or less response time and test regions, which I would doubt that they're going to say that. But, you know, if you do all that work? Versus just stand up. What's ultimately gonna be there? I think I'm ready to say, let's stand up.

10:33
What's going to be there?

10:36
Yeah, sure.

10:44
No, no, I'm just talking about a rat. I think he wants to slip-on provision to death and see if it results on the size issues. Okay, I thought that you think you just?

  Speaker 1 10:54
Okay, sorry, I'm hard to hear you. Did you say we should just switch to an environment that has provision instead? Yeah, that's what we should use part.

  Speaker 4 11:02
Yeah, well, the problem was going hard. CG is, we're not to get the database all the infrastructure we're gonna have to get the data guys to get all the data over to that database so you can restore the database over there from what they already loaded. Um, this has to go to production in about month and a half, right?

11:20
Either way, you want to go CG. That's fine. I was just trying to take shortcut here.

  Speaker 1 11:26
You saying that would be best. Sorry,

  Speaker 3 11:28
You saying that would be faster, but I don't know. Do we have to replace the cluster to change it to from serverless conversion. Do you know,

  Speaker 1 11:34
Okay,

  Speaker 3 11:34
Interesting that might be just disease? I don't think we can just change it. Okay. That's I think that's a good idea, though we should figure out the easiest way we can test that, just like just getting proven performance here, because I mean, so, do you think artist proxy helps in a significant fashion, or do you think that's kind of a failed experiment,

  Speaker 2 11:55
Uh, not actually. It basically works, uh, the by, uh, is because, like, you know, a big RDX, so the connection? When it's called, the connection is basically making a few seconds. So now, now, the connection basically takes like 150 seconds.

  Speaker 3 12:11
Oh, okay, so we're still already. Guys proxy still shade off four or five, exactly? Okay.

  Speaker 4 12:19
We will make a decision right now so that I CG you got a direction. What do you all think? Would you think we should try to replace the cluster? Do you want to go to the performance region? Which way do you want to go?

  Speaker 1 12:30
Because that's.

  Speaker 3 12:38
So, even if we have to replace the cluster and make it provisioned, it would still be extra complications to do that. It doesn't mean it's not like if you want to do it, then you want to leave. Deploy it is, you can still do that like it wouldn't be the end of the world, but it would be.

12:49
A longer set of time than even replacing the necklace.

12:58
We mean, basically, we need to make sure. For one, we need to make sure we have all other roles and stuff set up in pre-fraud. We also need to basically set up a bunch of also the pipelines and stuff and get up to be able to deploy to your product.

13:12
That's about it, though, I think, uh. It won't be a huge deal. I'm just thrown out there. Yeah, because.

  Speaker 4 13:22
I don't know if that's true. DG, uh, we had moved to Bert. You know. Before we even do this, we need to let our data friends know whoever helped us on and look at the data in the first place. We need to let Zach know. Are, are they ever going to point performance?

13:41
Region policy Center to this database, I don't know. Are they going to be willing to load production data into this database? I don't know, uh, you're just right. Now, I want to not be wishy-wife feeling somebody to say, all right. This is what I want to do, and then we need to share it with everybody and see if anybody pushes back.

14:01
It sounds like you feel strongly we should use that department for this.

  Speaker 3 14:04
You know, it's, I would, but you know, it's up to whoever wants this.

  Speaker 4 14:09
I want them to run it, right? Like, I don't want some Bots to tell me what to do if I know better. Maybe tell everybody, hey look, we want to try this out and other things are like, great. I really wanted to see what you know. Performance, region production data sized would look like.

  Speaker 1 14:23
So,

  Speaker 4 14:23
It's worth sharing with everybody's a team. What we're planning to do what we're running into, and they might have opinions, absolutely not. That's how I would play it.

  Speaker 1 14:34
So, I'm just Googling him, and I'd say that we can change custom. Just, please set it off.

14:53
I'm saying, I guess we can do that in depth.

  Speaker 4 15:04
You know, we can keep going down this road. We're trying to be warmers and Bridge and things. But if all we're trying to do is prop up a test version of the database. You're now proving out the final database. He's gonna have. Better speed, right? I'd rather find out now, so.

15:18
We're gonna set up definitely a provision dies. Sure, yes. All right.

  Speaker 1 15:27
Well, thanks for having so much fun with this eye.

  Speaker 4 15:33
Anybody else have anything that they want to talk about?

15:39
Danny wrote the RDS standard. I think he felt like he had to. Oh yeah.

  Speaker 3 15:50
Yeah, I granted them access to platform engineering work in progress folder. I hope that's cool. Let's see it eventually, right? I'll give them right access. Oh.

  Speaker 4 16:08
Well, I was trying to get. Don't ever do this. I was trying to get my earpods to work with legs. Yeah. We can hear you. Yeah, it's still a lot of headphones. The next box, and it just rarely decided to connect to my headphones. Yeah, I could hear you the whole time.

16:26
I'm just waiting for it to pop after my speakerphone.

  Speaker 3 16:29
I'll get right after this by the way. Yeah, wow, that matters. I figured it didn't matter. Yeah. Yeah.

  Speaker 4 16:39
I think at all, I think. Basically, I think

  Speaker 3 16:44
He was updating the SQL request form based on the conversation you guys had yesterday, and he, I don't know. He said he wanted to make sure that the. The form didn't.

  Speaker 1 16:55
And that's what he's basically doing. Rds. Okay, yeah, I'm thinking more of. Um, you know, I haven't seen this point. All it says, I did share with, uh, Jeff, what we talked about last night? Um, I had really much time to talk to them. We got to have that Humanity, and they go in their cars, um.

17:20
I'm thinking I liked the idea that. Dating with saying somebody needs?

  Speaker 4 17:26
Freeform, so that whenever there's a, and I'm not going for just a new database, I was going off with a new workload anytime. It was a brand new workload. Somebody needs to design it. Here's what I'm going to be planning to do. Here's, what's the internet. That way, instructor we in security.

17:41
Navy Network. Maybe an architecture has to sign off on it and say, yep, we can all support that. And I keep raising the concern. You know, I'm not an expert on Nacho compliance. I didn't think we were allowed to do that kind of stuff. Anyway, that's fine, uh, I didn't want to talk about that stuff.

18:00
I'm going to talk about the claim follow-up first before we got to that, though. What about it? So, I started to create a list of to Do's. You said something about we needed a laugh? Yeah, so we met again today. I feel like I feel like I have a better wrap around the list so.

18:19
Uh. I talked to Lance about laugh, he basically explained.

  Speaker 3 18:25
They understood what he's been getting at, more so he basically playing he wants to use those same rules that are on kyp.com, but he wants separate web ACLS for each. So, like, you know, he wants different TL to bundle rules in the web ACLS. The thing you actually attach to the load balancer or whatever, right?

18:39
So, basically, he wants to use the same rules as we got for those part, but he wants to separate bundle of set rules and basically the way we deployed the web for kyp.com is not helpful for that. It has separate rules, even for its own different environments, so. Basically working with him to restruct yourself.

18:57
We're going to deploy centralized rules, and then we're now going to deploy applications with their custom ACLS that always include these required rules and have the option to deploy their own. Specific custom roles to their own way skills that has to do with, like, account photos, and stuff like that.

19:13
Basically, if we keep creating many rules. We're going to fill up that reserves account, and it's cleaner anyway. Conceptually, okay, um. Start with him on those structural changes. Um, as far as Waffle, I think I basically know exactly what we should do to get laughing blades. Um. Mason added.

19:29
What KFE web health and walking to which project as it works? One is label with. Um, he

  Speaker 4 19:34
Did. Which versions is he using? Is he using the ones in GitHub are the ones in SBN?

  Speaker 3 19:39
He is using some version that he pulled at local, probably sdn. I'm going to try to put him onto. I'm gonna try to play a minute, like your GitHub vectors and stuff, um. And then, sorry. What other items did you have? That's what I'm trying to remember. I wrote him down, and I left them on my laptop, and I'm added into my VM, so I don't have.

  Speaker 4 19:58
So, they want me to go ahead and start looking. Okay, so the other things we have so, uh, we.

  Speaker 3 20:04
They decided to write two FSX instead of local temp storage for temporary files for that processing. Um, we have an FSX cluster ready for that use. We just need to add share to it, but we need a new service account for one amount point to talk FSX and then two for JBS to call the app from the bad process.

20:20
So, if you guys have a question for that service account, we're waiting on that. Um. And I need to build broad infrastructure. But, uh, I think all the other stuff is kind of a prerequisite that, like if we want to figure out the exact lab structure and stuff, otherwise it's just you know that right back around to it.

20:37
Um.

  Speaker 4 20:39
I'd say before you click the final code in there. We need to get a change to take off this thing.

  Speaker 2 20:46
Um, yes, in

  Speaker 4 20:47
Anil reference to directly do a full code base review. Basically, before we go to Broadway and they'll seem much less than a rush than this guy does. Okay. Yeah, I don't think threshers in her. He just wants to make sure it's making progress. Um.

21:06
That is basically technically, they don't. Technically, what XL star right now, they want to not have these are anymore. Yeah, around 80 groups with both plants. Um.

  Speaker 1 21:21
One

  Speaker 4 21:21
Item that I'm still ironing out that I don't know is the really requirement for go live. Is, I'm working on a bootstrap automation for stuff that gets deployed and managed GitHub. Uh, before you know, we had an obligation that ran on server build that would go deploy all latest stuff from like our Legacy yesterday.

21:36
First off, definitely man, it's just your whole process. We don't really have an equivalent, like if something's been being played through GitHub, like, whatever, probably look up Dev. If I go rebuild property lookup Dev, there's no automatic mechanism that deploys latest code from get up to it on full time, like you would need to GitHub when you do initiate their build.

21:51
So, I'm working on a process take care of that. I have it almost done. I'm technically not all the way on. I was really hoping to have that done before we went live here. So that's another thing I'm trying to do. I guess that's kind of related to this, but it's generally it's just kind of the whole deployment process.

22:03
The whole kind of thing, so, uh? I, that's everything I can think of that. I don't want you to do.

  Speaker 1 22:14
That's pretty. Other than all the build stuff, I knew that means I'm trying to think through, like when people ask for new workbooks.

  Speaker 2 22:23
Do we go and say what active directory, which are these only? I'm trying to think all the things infrastructure you all get surprised with. We wait until the last minute to get answers to start putting them on a checklist. That way, their thought group, they come to everybody. Everybody can start to agree on what we're doing.

22:36
I also know that most developers, I'm just trying to get one gigantic form in my head. What can be asked, and then what to figure out? At what point do they need? To lock those portions. Um. Jeff had the same. I don't know Jeff dating. They're talking CG. This might be interesting for you when you are doing an aurora clusters.

22:56
Are we planning to create a cluster? For every individual workload, are you? Do you have anything in your own book that talks about, like? When should something behind an existing boxer? I'm sure they could go ahead and Zone cluster. How usually same applications we're just going to put the same amount?

  Speaker 1 23:14
She got what I decided off doing. How, wondering how the SQL Surfer we have the same lots of bases in the server that belong in the same business category? Or, will you just take a patient? So, I think that is also explained.

23:37
So, are you saying a closer per application basically?

  Speaker 4 23:44
Yeah, and I guess we're in a weird spot like this. Hey manageration, already today, as SQL Server? And they're putting all this code in the payment integration application. Well, now you're going to have a pen integration, SQL Server payment integration, Aurora database, but that's just growing. And so, we get things transitioned.

23:59
Wait at least the payment integration. SQL Server is actually called payment integration. I know what it's called. Yeah, it's called E-Business underscore pmtit. Okay.

  Speaker 1 24:11
I think I'll see if James put that form up there. He always go look at one game today and see if it's something we can borrow. I'm going

We've had some surprises recently. I'll just share with you like this. I thought it was just an intern project, and then they were going to Pivot to an Apple project. When they start saying, all right, I don't know that wrong. Gads, who's demander overtimester, even though that this is happening,

  Speaker 1 24:38
So producing a form sharing around a whole bunch of managers. That way, everybody is a chance to be like, what is happening? That's what I'm also after this payment integration thing, I don't know.

  Speaker 4 24:50
That many people know that is happening. Eric Adam was just scheduling meeting with us tomorrow to talk about something you get old. Yeah, I know about that. So it, this is.

  Speaker 3 24:59
Effico already has lamb they're already in our tenant that are written and run for the purpose of FBO. Uh, basically, pull data from S3 bucket and load data in Coda. Basically, KFB was, like, we want that process, too. For the kfb company, so kfb-coda Lambda was born like. A year ago, I worked on it.

25:22
We got it, working to an extent in UAC 2, and then it got dropped and not touching under a year, and then apparently got handed off to Eric Eric's not working on it. He renamed it, as you know. Uh, he, I guess, has been trying to figure out how it works and why there's lots of dead code and unused logic in the jar, he was trying to figure out some of it.

25:42
He told me that all of his questions triggered a request for an architecture review, I'm not sure by who probably his manager. I guess I don't know, yeah, uh. And yeah.

  Speaker 4 25:54
I just ordered it inside. I'm trying to think of things that we can separate out to Josiah Alex. You heard me a couple times yesterday, when a nil was sharing his stuff. And I said, we're gonna give that to somebody and Lance. Can't keep having you in the middle of everything?

26:09
Sure. So, if this is a good opportunity besides to do this thing,

  Speaker 3 26:13
That's obviously that's totally cool. I mean, from a cloud architecture perspective, there's literally there's a Lambda that runs and grease files from every bucket. There's nothing like cloud or actually complex or anything about this. I really know, I mean, it's like, it's all just Apple logic, and it's a mess, and they need to understand what they want this thing to do and how they want to do it to me.

26:29
But the cloud architecture is like, not even really a part of this. So you want to run on Lambda here. We have one for you. I don't.

  Speaker 1 26:36
I just needs to bring a book and because he gets bored. Thank you very much. You need to learn about General Ed or accounting principles. Okay, yeah, I mean, if this thing bounces after me?

  Speaker 4 26:48
I didn't know Eric was asking for this one. He invited me to be. I'm gonna be at a dentist appointment, so I'm not gonna be there if you just asking for things we stood off. The cloudy we already had patterns, for he's not asking for anything to be stuck, I actually don't even know exactly what he's after.

26:59
He has stood up, but he needs stood up. Okay, I

  Speaker 3 27:03
Think he is questioning how this is working, but I think his questions are pretty much purely to be honest and not flower related, so I think he's including me because I've been his main point of contact for inheriting this and stuff, but really, I think his questions are really for, like Maru and PWC, and like why the hell the code is written like this basically.

27:20
Like, I, I don't. In the data team a little bit too, but I really think we're kind of we're there for, like informational purposes, more so than hey, we need something from you, gotcha.

27:33
All right. The last thing. I'm just gonna figure out was for Martha. She won the database.

  Speaker 4 27:40
Sounds like we're going to use her as a guinea pig. Fill out this form, whether it's Danny's form or the form I work to get with other managers. I was planning to bring it up. I guess I'm gonna be bringing it up on what is Mother's Day. Well, it's gonna be a little while.

27:53
Let me start a Jack with, uh, managers, see if I can get them. We all want. Usually, I like to bring anything about the team. We have a plum for all managers, but I'm gonna be a business appointment. I've been sharing these conversations with deaf, so Jeff, should you where we're discussing.

28:07
I keep bringing up with him. We probably need to make a decision on who does databases. Now, this thing I was probably playing too fast and loose, so I feel like the idea that every time there's a new workload. I guess if there's a redundant database, we do that too, but I need to find out how Chris thinks he feels about that for his team.

  Speaker 1 28:29
I'm going to go out on the dear board by Friday. Start cleaning up every team. Just started the next round. I was looking at the board and started putting it to the next friend.

  Speaker 4 28:38
I need to get us back into. I've been a very good scrum Master, leading back to having scrubbed tasks, getting them assigned and done at a certain point.

28:50
Sounds like a. You didn't really even come up with a list of tasks. Anil. I think it's fair that we ask them for specifications on what they're after. Um, and they'll took it to me that I expected him to file the documentation, but it didn't just give us more a diagram for one thing, right?

29:11
But if we can express and like specifications, what he's after, that's where I was going to say. Hey, so, can you go start building these chunks with them as? I prove the concept you're probably going to get pressured to deliver on very tight time timelines because, as always, we're coupling it into a project.

29:29
Um, you know, we want to. We need to start going before Sures starts. Asking, where is this? It's been two weeks, so I'm gonna go and clean this board. I'd say on Monday we should probably just do a room real quick. Come up, what tasks we've got, what tasks we need to get moving.

29:50
Anything else we want to talk about?

  Speaker 1 29:56
Still no word on my books or

  Speaker 4 29:58
Standards documents?

  Speaker 2 29:59
No, nothing. Yet, I

  Speaker 1 30:01
Mentioned,

  Speaker 4 30:02
I mentioned Chris and Jeff that those were sent. I think either one of them were aware I meant to give them a heads up about on vacation, came back into price them. So just been on your table for a week. Um, I saw Chris, I think I think I signed to him.

  Speaker 1 30:17
I tried to edit as much as I can. Information.

30:36
Your standard was about also what your standard smaller look big. I'm trying to remember it in a while. Okay. Did you share your run-up with anybody?

30:49
I think last we hopped. I was supposed to get Jeff to agree, or we have to shoot him. So then Danny would just be a reviewer. Restools.com. What was Jeff's initial reaction to that question?

  Speaker 3 31:00
Well.

31:04
I'm trying to remember Jesus. I've asked him twice now. The first time I asked him. What do you think should we start letting anybody stand upstairs? Yeah, he's like, fine, yeah. Um, but you know?

  Speaker 4 31:19
When I shared with you all, let's start running in that direction. Both see Galaxy all had some thoughts on it. I think before we make a final decision, we just need to meet up. Whoever's name here needs to understand your reasons why Eva still needs to be a specialized skill set.

31:35
There's a lot of moving parts to stand up possibly and taking other entertainment.

  Speaker 3 31:42
I think I think there's just a lot of specialized knowledge process. Like, I would not like I would not be able to fill a DBA request without CDO detail. Like, not like, I wouldn't never. Sorry, I mean, I would be Googling stuff for sure. Like, I guess, my point.

31:54
I have no knowledge of, like our internal policies, and like, when it's like, hey, this is something that needed to go through the data architects or something. Like, if I was able to like Google my way through, it's like I don't even know, like, what our practices and policies are you're like, what's considered protected by pmo approval or something like that, like, exactly.

32:10
Well, I mean, I I?

  Speaker 4 32:13
To terms with, like, what are the specialized skill sets if she could say if she could generate document that says, we're going to take it. It says, please buy this logical amongst the physical model, and I walk you through that, do it.

  Speaker 1 32:24
That will also need licensing when we had licenses with Urban. So, yeah, those are one of the tops that need DBA to do, which will end up obtaining the database. And, yeah, imagine other things.

32:41
As as Jeff had these conversations with UCG. Uh, he said, no, I asked him. And he said he was going to talk to you, okay? Well, I don't know what, yeah.

  Speaker 4 32:53
I want to understand, uh, I don't really have a preference, but I always like to try to reduce bottlenecks when I'm going up. One person on my team that knows how to do something and they go on vacation. I'm so nervous because it inevitably breaks they're on vacation. Nobody can fix it, um, having just two dbas.

33:09
I think it was a week where CBD were out on vacation, and Danny had a emergency. It was like a day, but yes, yeah, yeah. Jeff like, please, nobody have any database needs. That. So you know? I would love for us to be able to start documenting what you all do.

33:27
That way, others on your team can take off those skill sets. But ultimately, you know, that's up to Jeff to decide. And that's pretty cool. There's no way Alex is ever going to understand third normal form.

  Speaker 1 33:46
I do think all the Galaxy had some pretty

  Speaker 4 33:48
Good points on the name. Surprising on database right now. We're doing the terraform bins. I have the workload, and you guys thought, maybe that needs to go specialized workload? Your concerns like, you run? A buy or something, and it wipes out the disc and they go too big, right?

  Speaker 3 34:03
Yeah, it's also that there's, I mean, especially if we are gonna have specialized Das and people. And you know, CJ and Danny are really like the owners of the configs, and they're the ones who know what configs need to change when. It's like, it doesn't even make sense to the same pipeline to apply to you.

34:17
From that perspective, because it's like aside, you see changes to the database, he doesn't configure the database. He's, like, I don't know what this means. Now, he has to go talk CG when it's like they could just be managed separately, and that's CG's off doing everything he's off doing his thing.

34:31
That surprised me too, but I think it, I don't know. I mean, either way, can definitely work. I mean, it's there's many ways to scan it bad just, uh, yeah.

  Speaker 4 34:42
I guess. For now, we're gonna keep doing what we're doing, where that base goes in the workload. So, like, from a month, if we get a push saying, hey, I needed that that budget's behind. I don't even know that she has a deadline, uh, you know, my first question is gonna be, what is your repository going to be called?

34:56
And then we'll put the infrastructure one right next to it. We're building it with Siege's running. Yeah, I guess I.

  Speaker 3 35:04
At some point, we're going to start getting this weird web of thing, because if it's like, it's literally like, hey, my application is just payment narration, so I'm not. I want to run on topcat. I want to use the same payment every application I used before. It's, like, well, we're not gonna, I mean, that that infrastructure is Pokemon, right?

35:18
So, it's, like, we're gonna have this weird web where we have to complement. We have stuff in GitHub. We're planning to manage some stuff, how to get up going forward, but I mean, it still has. His relationships of what we do in Pokemon, so I, I don't know, exactly.

35:32
I'm not even trying to make a point what we do find out that might become something we have to think about.

  Speaker 1 35:42
We talked a lot. We got a lot done.

35:52
I didn't have anything else I'm gonna tasting microphone. It was in the sun for a little too long. I got a headache. You build a house?

  Speaker 3 36:01
Yeah, we put up the walls, the interior walls, and start putting up siding nice.

  Speaker 4 36:07
Whatever you call that it was just a lot of good songs.

  Speaker 3 36:10
The the management team like goes out at the security that's doing it, and like people out here to help, and so like they come in and tell them, like, hey, you need to put up this siding and stuff here. And like the African, and they do it every year.

36:23
There's like, there's like, there's like, somebody like running there, like Nemo, too, right. Yeah, yeah,

  Speaker 4 36:26
They they showed up with the truck with all the walls already built numbered and on the floor, there's lines numbers and they tell you to take that wall over there. They make sure it's gonna be flat level Plum, and then they start nailing it. There's no screws. There's no power tools.

36:41
It's all hammers and wears it out. Oh yeah. It just got up to like 92 at the end, and it was just hot. Didn't bring it up.

36:57
All right, you all. Stay cool. Yeah, thank you.

  Speaker 3 37:17
I think you should be able to change a couple things.
